Hello, everyone. Today, I am here to represent my cloud computing project team and explain what our project is all about. So, these are my teammates who has contributed in this project. Uh So name of our project is A I powered career counseling. Uh As the name specifies the power career counseling system helps individuals to identify the strengths and interests and helps them to choose a suitable career path based on our tools which are available in our website. So instead of setting up an on premise system, we thought of implementing a cloud based services uh which will help us reduce the cost and improve the efficiency and pay attention on making our system best for users uh which will help us improve the scalability of our system uh and reduce the uh potential threats of uh that is the security threats. Uh So, uh these are some of the services which we have used in our uh system. So uh we have used IIM to uh assign proper roles uh for creation of this system. Uh Further, we have used two to host our A I model uh that is A I powered carrier bought. Uh uh on an internet through which users can communicate with the system. Then we have hosted our website on Elastic Bento where users can interact with the system. Another thing is database that is we have used a no secure database which we have hosted on Mongodb Atlas, which is another cloud service. Uh These are some of the rules which we have assigned to the EC2 role for hosting of our elastic band stock. Uh So this is our architecture uh of our system. So this is the main page of where users can interact with this system. Uh This web page is hosted on Elastic Ben Stock. Uh Using the I am, we have assigned certain rules to elastic bench stock such as two role and service role from which elastic bench stock handles all the web page loading, scaling autos, etc. Further, we have hosted our chat bot on an in two instance through which users can interact with the chatbot with the help of our web page. Another thing which we have used is an no se database where all the data is stored in cloud, which users can access that is we have stored that in Mango B at last, which is a cloud based service. So let's have a small demo of our system. So this is our application which is hosted on elastic bank stock now. Uh This is an A I power uh courier board uh which we have developed. Uh So yeah, which is hosted on AC two and requests have been handled here. Uh Further, we have tools like aptitude and interest analysis. So we have two tools aptitude and interest analysis where all of these questions are being fetched from Mongo DB Atlas database. Further, we have also a tool named as roadmap, which helps users to get analysis of what things they can pursue a long way to what path they have to follow. So, yeah, uh this is our system which is currently hosted on Aws. So this has helped us to improve accuracy, uh improve our user experience and scale the application without any involvement of much manpower. So yeah, uh A Aws has helped us uh improve the cal of our system along with uh efficiency.